you live your life you come the evening
without detours home
unremarkable normal you can yours
names she is sometimes so but you can
Do not be forever before the truth
hidden
what did not you see?
that's important in that they are you
no cell phone no one anyone from the
human world and what I am then the
Would not you believe me where I am
I'm lighter no, that's not possible
Do you hear you can not come in any case
more than a third of my life
I am demonizing
There are everywhere in the
different shape
do not understand what has men so
mother to do his mother was one
Shadows are just like him like you are
you have a card in your head to clear it
you are the key to ours
consider what you want with me she is
different
she will kill us all we need
changed
We will control the world
is about more than humanity stands
immediately before its destruction
James believes he has to save the world
are too many
that does not mean that you encourage him
should trust a bit
you have an incredible gift we
need you i need you
the values ​​for came to help
chronicles of the underworld soon in the
movie theater